(DOCSP-40467) Update images to dark-mode friendly images (#777)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/index.txt

                    }'

      .. image:: /images/plp/connection.png

>          :alt: An electrical plug and socket that serve as a metaphor for connecting data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         :alt: Illustration of an electrical plug and socket that serves as a metaphor for connecting data.
```
